I mean three years ago when you were in college
You said a lot of people are chasing you.
Anyway, love can be
But marriage is not a daughter-in-law
You must think clearly
But I've got the certificate now.
And he was nice to me.
Tiantian that brat
No car, no house, no savings
You marry him, you sleep with him on the street
Are you listening?
I'm just getting started with him
As for the garage you mentioned, there is still a deposit.
It will come slowly in the future.
Never again
I earn money to support him, you support him
Are you going to find a soft rice man, sister?
You listen to me.
This man has nothing good
Hello, I'm Jiangli's husband.
It's not that I didn't come that day.
Where did you find the best
Ah!
Hello, I'm Jiangli's husband.
Do you have any training around you?
Or Xiaoqing can also